Add 8.9 notes about IP usability improvements (#29437)
gradle/gradle: platforms/documentation/docs/src/docs/release/notes.md

> Calculating task graph as configuration cache cannot be reused because file '.../some-file.txt' **has been replaced by a directory**.

<a name="ip-usability"></a>

### Isolated Projects usability improvements

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The [Isolated Projects](userguide/isolated_projects.html) feature isolates the configuration models of projects from each other such that the build logic of one project cannot directly access the mutable state of another project.

```

#### String-notated task dependency is not a violation anymore

Depending on a task from another project in string-notated form is a common idiom:

```
foo.dependsOn(":a:bar")
```

Starting with this release, this is no longer considered a violation of Isolated Projects boundaries.

> #### `gradle init` generates Isolated Projects compatible projects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### `gradle init` generates Isolated Projects compatible projects

```

> [Build Init Plugin](userguide/build_init_plugin.html) supports multimodule project layout. Starting with this release, `gradle init` generates projects compatible with Isolated Projects restrictions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Build Init Plugin](userguide/build_init_plugin.html) supports creating multi-module projects. 
Starting with this release, `gradle init` also generates projects compatible with Isolated Projects restrictions.
```

Author: @lkasso This `also` word is a bit confusing IMO. There is no option to generate project either compatible with IP or not. Should we omit it?
